#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9

appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
comm==0.1.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.1.3
    # via ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.18.1
    # via nbformat
fonttools==4.43.1
    # via matplotlib
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.1.0
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.19.2
    # via nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.7.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.5.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.10.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
numpy==1.26.1
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==10.1.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.11.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.18.0
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.39
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.6
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.16.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyzmq==25.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.4
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.30.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
rpds-py==0.10.6
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.13.0
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.0
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.17.1
    # via notebook
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tornado==6.3.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.13.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via ipython
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
wcwidth==0.2.9
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
wheel==0.41.2
    # via -r requirements.in
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
